Christmas is one of the most popular holidays on the planet. It seems strange but not everybody celebrate such a great holiday. It depends on the religion and the culture of people. So, who does not celebrate this holiday?
Firstly, it’s a religious holiday. Christians commemorate the birth of Christ. So people who are neither Christian nor believers don’t have holiday mood on this day.
Besides, other people refuse to take part in Christmas, because they consider that this holiday became too commercial. It’s true that in December stores are full of Christmas goods. And people spend a lot of money to have a good time with their friends, family and relatives.
Most of them are ready to waste money for small useless presents. It is clear that they celebrate Christmas because it’s a family party and a great opportunity to be together.
Nevertheless this cheerful and commercial side of this holiday attracts some countries, for example, China. They have been celebrating Christmas for several years. But this holiday is not in their culture.
And in many countries we can find the same traditions. Families decorate a tree, prepare a holiday meal, and wait for Santa Claus and his gifts. But each country also has its things. In the USA there are garlands of popcorn, and in Sweden there are goats made of straw.
Someone doesn’t celebrate Christmas, but two billion people, nearly every third person in the world, celebrate Christmas. And this year it will be again, and it will be magic.
A person can fall in love quickly. As British scientists confirm, it will take 8.2 seconds for a person to fall in love with someone. The scientists explain that a look of 4 seconds is a right proof that a man is impressed and interested.
But there is an interesting thing that this rule doesn’t work for women.
This look means nothing for them. They can look at a man even much longer without falling in love.
British scientists decided to study it and invite more than one hundred students for an experiment. Then they hid cameras to observe the movements of the students’ eyes. Then students were asked to complete a form.
In the end they get a result that 8.2 seconds is even more than enough to fall in love. To tell the truth this experiment doesn’t seem serious. Indeed to make reliable statistic Результаты it’s necessary to have several thousand cases which should be studied and analyzed.
It seems that this question stays in God’s jurisdiction as before. And it cannot be predicted in advance.

To advertise means to make information public. But nowadays advertising doesn’t limit itself by a word ‘publicity’. Modern advertising has a task to show a product in a positive and pleasant way. It has an aim to make us want to buy it. But how and when did advertising appear?
The advertisement has existed since antiquity time. At first there were murals that informed about gladiator fights. In the middle Ages public heralds stood in the centre of the city and gave last news.
In the 15th century there was a good development of printing. After that posters and leaflets appeared. Two centuries later the first newspapers began to publish advertisements. But it is the 20th century when advertising really explodes. It followed the invention of radio and TV.
In the United States companies have worked with advertisers since 1930. They invented packaging that had to attract customers. They also created an idea of product placement. It means that a product is shown in the movies.
After that it gets well-known and well-sold. For example, it was made with the luxury cars which were shown in James Bond films.
Nowadays the new territory of commercials is Internet with social networks. Small software called cookies allows offering ads according to the tastes of Internet users. Certainly, in the near future the commercial advertising will be personalized for each of us.

Every year more than 300 million tons of plastic are not recycled. The consequences for the nature are very serious, especially for the oceans. According to the American magazine ‘Science’ the oceans contain more than 110 million tons of plastic waste.
Whole islands are covered by waste, such as Henderson Island. It is situated in the South Pacific Ocean. There is 17 million tons of waste accumulated near the island.
Apart from the aesthetic inconvenience, this waste threatens animals and birds. These are a half of the seabirds and at least 200 species of fish, crustaceans and mammals living in the oceans. The main danger and harm is that they confuse this waste with the food.
Earlier the explorers discovered deserted islands with the beaches of fine sand. But what will the explorers find in a future? If a future person discovers an island, there is a great probability that this island will be made only by plastic waste.

Walking, running, cycling and playing football are some kinds of sports that you do every day. Some people think that doing sports is useless, the other consider that it is tiring. So, why is it so important to do sports?

When you move, 600 muscles in your body work to make you more flexible and stronger. Sports are very important for children and teenagers. When their bones are well held by the muscles, they grow and become stronger.

Sports maintain the whole body: your brain, your lungs, and your heart. For doing that your body uses your fats and your sugar. You get more healthy and slimmer. That’s not all. You develop your abilities such as catching a ball or keeping balance when you ride a bike.
You learn new skills which are useful in your life. You get more successful and progress-oriented.
When you are doing sports, your brain makes a pleasure hormone — endorphin. It makes you forget your anger and your sorrows. Moreover the sport is often done with friends or family, and it is a good way to share emotions and joy.
You can do sports on the ground, in the water or in the air. There are dozens of sport activities where you will meet different people. But all of them have the only passion, and it is sports. Besides, doctors advise to spend an hour for sports every day. Are you ready for the challenge?

Why is reading not popular today? Teenagers try to spend their free time with their cell phones. They can chat, play, text, but they don’t read.
We can always hear that our ministers of education attribute the crisis of reading to methods of teaching. In their speeches they call teaching too archaic or too modern.
In my opinion, these methods have nothing to do with the teenagers’ disaffection of the book. Reading is an activity that can only be practiced in silence and solitude. I think it is the reason why there are reading problems among teenagers today.
Everything that we can see in the world is full of noise now. If we can listen to music together, we can’t read together. We can read only alone. It is even a great pleasure when we discovered the book that we can think over being alone.
And only after that we will be ready to share our thoughts with the others if we like to do that.
But solitude and silence are now luxurious goods in our hectic world. That is why reading can’t become a hobby for teenagers, unfortunately.

Everyone could notice that people often complain and say that it was better before. It may be a little nostalgia; the old people would like to return in the 50s, forty-years-old people prefer the 70s. It can be explained of the life period when they were younger. As it’s known people like their youth time.
In general living is better now. We live when there aren’t as many wars in the world as before. And people live longer; the level of lifespan is higher than it was 40 years ago. People work less and they can afford to go to the vacation and buy more things.
So, it is true that there is more pollution now than in the last century but there is more conveniences. Everyone has a shower, a TV, a fridge, a computer, etc. And now there are more means of communication than before. Earlier it was dangerous to travel and it was almost impossible to go around the world.
Someone say that people were kinder before. But now people are more educated and now everyone has an opportunity to go to school and to get education. It’s better to think of advantages to live in the modern world than to regret something that no longer exists.

If you go to the first date to the restaurant, there are some things to know. First of all, you should let a man who invited you choose aperitifs. Don’t order the most expensive dishes, but at the same time you shouldn’t choose the cheapest one. Keep the golden mean!
The second rule is to avoid hard-to-eat dishes such as shellfish or oysters. Spaghetti is also not right choice. They are hardly controlled and eaten with elegance. And don’t forget that the dishes with garlic can kill the atmosphere of the first kiss.
After all there are some basic rules like using a fork and a knife. Speaking with your full mouth doesn’t give the best effect. And don’t show that you are very hungry. You go to the restaurant to talk and flirt with a man you like. You don’t go there to stuff when someone pays for you.
And the last one is that you should not criticize the place or the service. Remember you are a nice woman who wants to spend a pleasant evening.

What is it a strange word? Macaroon. It seems that it has appeared recently and belongs to these modern words. But it is not true.

The macaroon is a soft cake of rounded shape that people have tasted since the middle Ages. It has from 3 to 5 cm in diameter. The macaroon recipe varies by the cook’s skills. Professionals cook more complicated recipes, but housewives can try to cook light variant of them.
Indeed, the preparation and cooking of macaroons is difficult even for professionals. To make a traditional macaroon, you need almond powder, icing sugar, sugar and egg whites. The amount of almond is equal to the amount of icing sugar.
The macaroon has different flavors and colors. Generally, the pink macaroon is made with strawberry or raspberry. The beige macaroon has vanilla flavor. The brown macaroon is made of chocolate or coffee. The yellow macaroon is made with lemon.
Recently it has been cooked a special macaroon which has two flavors. The ‘body’ and the ‘heart’ are different. For example, pear-orange and cherry-apple macaroons are very popular.

Valentine’s Day, a festival of romantic love and care, is celebrated on the 14th of February. This old festival has taken a great importance in recent years. But Valentine’s Day is not considered as a public holiday in the USA. It means that stores, schools and different organizations work as usual.
People give small gifts or they exchange cards and love letters that express their feelings. The small present can be a bunch of flowers, chocolate, a teddy bear or jewelry and a dinner in a restaurant. It really depends on the people, their tastes, imagination and financial opportunities.
Many restaurants and hotels have special offers on this day. People who have romantic relationships usually book weekend breaks in hotels. Restaurants are busier than usual, because a lot of people are planning to spend an evening with their partners.
Valentine’s Day is also popular day for date to make a marriage proposal.
This holiday is unlike of such holidays as Easter, Christmas or New Year, it’s a party that is not celebrated with the family. This holiday is only for two persons. If a married couple is going out, they invite a nanny who takes care of their children.

In England the first of April is a very special day. This is the day when people make April’s Fools. April’s Fool is a joke and sometimes a hoax to someone. In fact everyone, adults and children, take part in the celebration.
Earlier they made a fool by giving meaningless errands, for example, a person had to find sweet vinegar. Now schoolboys and schoolgirls hang paper with funny words at their classmates’ backs. They also can change and move the clock hands. Sometimes they give funny cards and little presents.
Adults make more elaborate jokes. They can be together to prepare a hoax to a friend. The main thing is that others will believe in it and then it will be funny.
The most amazing thing is that the press also makes April’s Fools. Listening to the radio, watching television or reading the newspapers, you will inevitably see funny news on April fool’s Day. It always happens, because it is a tradition of the 1st of April.
Fox example, in 1999 the BBC, the famous British channel, announced that the British anthem will be replaced by a modern European song. Thousands of listeners were confused and outraged.
There is also a rule in England that all the jokes have to be stopped at 12 pm. But in Scotland there are its own rules, they celebrate this holiday during two days. The second day is called ‘Taily Day’. All the jokes and hoaxes are about the part of human body which is located below the waist from the back. 
Putting pins and little bags with air on the chair is very popular on that day. Everywhere people can see pictures and posters with the words ‘Give me a kick’ which is a motto of the Taily Day.